
                                GIBSON

                             NEW CARTOONS




                                GIBSON

                             NEW CARTOONS

            A BOOK OF CHARLES DANA GIBSON’S LATEST DRAWINGS

                 [Illustration: SOMEWHERE IN AMERICA]

                        CHARLES SCRIBNER’S SONS

                             NEW YORK 1916

Copyright, 1916, by Charles Scribner’s Sons Copyright, 1912, 1913, 1914,
                1915, 1916, by Life Publishing Company

                        Published October, 1916

Thanks are due to the publishers of LIFE for their courtesy in allowing
        the publication of Mr. Gibson’s drawings in this book.

[Illustration: A GIRL IN TIPPERARY

“My heart’s right there.”]

[Illustration: “Three hundred dollars for that gown! Didn’t you get
anything off?”

“All I dared.”]

[Illustration: _He_: Who is that tramping around overhead?

_She_: Oh, that’s only papa. He always gets restless towards morning.]

[Illustration: _Little Sister_: A widow? What’s a widow?

_Big Sister_: A lady what’s had a husband and is goin’ to have
another.]

[Illustration: _He_: It’s perfectly awful the way you continue to flirt
with your old sweethearts. I don’t believe you love me any more. And
yet, before we were married, you told me I was a man of a thousand.

_She_: So you were, my dear, so you were. But I can’t entirely forget
the other nine hundred and ninety-nine.]

[Illustration: _He_: We have had a terrible scrap.

“And I came out ahead.”

“No. I did. You accepted my apology.”]

[Illustration: WHEN GRANDPA THINKS OF HIS MOTHER]

[Illustration: “Aren’t there a couple of young men in there with Clara?”

“No, only one. There isn’t a sound.”]

[Illustration]

[Illustration]

[Illustration: THE LATEST CRAZE]

[Illustration: “That’s a fine dog you have there. What breed is it?”
“Sh! Not so loud! He thinks he’s a bulldog.”]

[Illustration: _Famous Actor_: Oh, yes, I’m married, but I always think
it’s kind o’ tough on a girl that marries one of us travelin’ men.

“Still, it might be worse. I suppose you’re away from home most of the
time.”]

[Illustration: A STORY FROM THE FRONT]

[Illustration: OUT OF WORK]

[Illustration: BOTANY IN THE BOWERY

“Where did you get those flowers, little girl? Off a tree?”

“No, sir.”

“Off a bush?”

“No, sir.”

“Where?”

“Off a lady.”]

[Illustration: “Between me an’ you, Uncle Jasper, don’t you get awful
tired of doin’ what you’re told? Don’t be scared to answer. I won’t give
you away to Aunt Jane.”]

[Illustration: EVERYMAN TO HIS TASTE]

[Illustration: HER DANCE]

[Illustration]

[Illustration]

[Illustration: ADVICE TO THE MENTALLY FEEBLE

Keep out of politics.]

[Illustration: ADVICE TO THE MENTALLY FEEBLE

Keep the mouth closed.]

[Illustration: ADVICE TO THE MENTALLY FEEBLE

Never by any chance stay at home.]

[Illustration: ADVICE TO THE MENTALLY FEEBLE

By all means marry for a home.]

[Illustration: ADVICE TO THE MENTALLY FEEBLE

Go back to the stable as soon as possible.]

[Illustration: “Arthur says when he is at your house he acts just like
one of the family.” “Yes, he seems to be just as much afraid of my wife
as I am.”]

[Illustration: “I had a poet on one side and a millionaire on the
other.”

“What did you talk about?”

“I talked to the poet about money and to the millionaire about the
intellectual life.”]

[Illustration: _Skimpy Mistress_ (_scenting unaccustomed delights_):
Sarah, what is that I smell?

_Undernourished Maid of all Work_: I think it must come in from next
door.]

[Illustration: “You don’t mean to say, Estelle, that you are tired of
settlement work?”

“But, Auntie, dear, poor people are so monotonous.”]

[Illustration]

[Illustration]

[Illustration: CHRISTMAS EVE VISITORS]

[Illustration: TRAGIC MOMENTS

Trying to be appreciative while the author of the verses looks over your
shoulder.]

[Illustration: TRAGIC MOMENTS

His fiancée sees Captain von Hoffenfeffer in civilian clothes for the
first time.]

[Illustration: TRAGIC MOMENTS

When your mother shows your best girl the door.]

[Illustration: TRAGIC MOMENTS

When your rich aunt arrives unexpectedly and finds you haven’t hung the
portrait she sent you at Christmas.]

[Illustration: TRAGIC MOMENTS

Dad is introduced to the man of her choice--“the nicest, sweetest thing
in all the world.”]

[Illustration: TRAGIC MOMENTS

Which shall be her sphere?]

[Illustration: TRAGIC MOMENTS

The Rev. ---- reads his latest comedy to his niece.]

[Illustration: TRAGIC MOMENTS

_Strong-minded Lady_ (_on meeting the bride and groom_): I trust you
will be as happy as we have been.]

[Illustration]

[Illustration]

[Illustration: _She_: Are you going to volunteer?

_He_: If yes, no. If no, yes.]

[Illustration: TRAGIC MOMENTS

The one night a week that he dines at home.]

[Illustration: TRAGIC MOMENTS

A susceptible young man trying to make up his mind which way to turn]

[Illustration: TRAGIC MOMENTS

Something wrong somewhere--time 8.55 and still waiting for dinner to be
announced.]

[Illustration: TRAGIC MOMENTS

The first stormy night in the cottage you have rented for the summer.]

[Illustration: THE LATEST THINGS IN MEN’S STYLES]

[Illustration: THE PLUMP ONE COMPLAINS THAT THE MODERN FASHIONS MAKE ALL
WOMEN TOO MUCH ALIKE]

[Illustration: THE REASON DINNER WAS LATE]

[Illustration: AMONG THOSE NOT INVITED]

[Illustration]

[Illustration]

[Illustration: PRESENT PLIGHT OF THE EUROPEAN DÉBUTANTE

]

[Illustration: STUDIES IN EXPRESSION

Waiting for the flashlight.]

[Illustration: STUDIES IN EXPRESSION

Making it a jack pot.]

[Illustration: STUDIES IN EXPRESSION

Reading the play.]

[Illustration: TEMPTATION

Just before it’s too late.]

[Illustration: THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF HER ENGAGEMENT]

[Illustration: SEVENTH INNING--EVERYBODY UP]

[Illustration: MEETING HER SISTER’S CITY FRIENDS]

[Illustration: LOOKING OVER HIS LATEST INVESTMENT]

[Illustration]

[Illustration]

[Illustration: A DOG’S LIFE]

[Illustration: KEEPING NEUTRAL]

[Illustration: ANOTHER CASE OF TRYING TO KEEP NEUTRAL]

[Illustration: _Husband_: Do you think you will be able to keep within
your allowance this month?

“I’m afraid so.”]

[Illustration: THE WONDERS OF NATURE

_Fond Grandparent_: I was exactly like him at his age.]

[Illustration: MOBILIZING FOR THE SUMMER CAMPAIGN]

[Illustration: OUR UNCHARTED COAST

Very dangerous.]

[Illustration: ALL SORTS OF PUPS]

[Illustration: EVEN THE FISH HAVE FEELINGS]

[Illustration]

[Illustration]

[Illustration: “LADIES AND GENTLEMEN”]

[Illustration: “I don’t think married life is ever happy, anyway.”

“Then, why don’t you divorce your husband?”

“I’d rather quarrel with him than with strangers.”]

[Illustration: _Editor_: Have you ever written any editorials?

_College Graduate_: No, sir; but I think I might train my mind down to
it.]

[Illustration: DO WOMEN PROPOSE?

Mr. Wooden always wanted a tall, serious wife, while his friend Chubb
intended to marry a cheery little woman.]

[Illustration: THE THIRD GENERATION]

[Illustration: HOUSEHOLD DECORATION

Mantel ornaments for domestic cheer.]

[Illustration: “Can you come to the jeweler’s with me to-morrow,
dearest? I’d like you to choose the ring yourself.”

“In that case perhaps you’d better save up a little longer, darling.”]

[Illustration: A SAVING GRACE

“Louise, I really cannot permit you to read novels on Sunday.”

“But, Grandmamma, this novel is all right; it tells about a girl who was
engaged to three Episcopal clergymen, all at once.”]

[Illustration: A TRAGIC MOMENT FOR SMYTH (WHO MARRIED FOR A HOME)

Mrs. S. (who has the money) objects to the size of his tailor’s bill.]

[Illustration]

[Illustration]

[Illustration: ALSO BRAVE

An outsider at one of Mrs. Catchem’s evenings.]

[Illustration: ALSO BRAVE

The parson’s wife.]

[Illustration: IN THE CLOUDS]

[Illustration: “Why aren’t you ready, Isabel? You know very well the
opera begins at eight-fifteen.”

“Oh! Gracious! I forgot all about it. I’ve been so busy writing this
article on preparedness.”]

[Illustration: FREDERICK ENJOYS THE FLOWER SHOW IN OUR VILLAGE]

[Illustration: WHEN THEY GET THEIR RIGHTS

“It’s only fair to warn you that my son has never had a father’s care
and doesn’t know the first thing about housekeeping.”]

[Illustration: WHEN WOMEN VOTE

Mrs. Jones officially notified of her election as sheriff.]

[Illustration: _He_: That sofa must have been made for two.

_She_: It’s hardly short enough for that.]

[Illustration: LEAP YEAR

_He_: You never compliment me any more on my appearance.

_She_: Oh, charming! Charming! Charming!]






End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Gibson, by Charles Dana Gibson

